2.6.8
[J. Ullman] Given a set of n real numbers, a real number t, and an integer k, how quickly can you determine whether there exists a k-element subset of the set that sums to at most t?
--
A subset of the set that sums to at most t exists if an only if the subset of the k smallest elements sums to at most t (and, in which case, that subset can be used as our final answer).
To determine the k smallest elements, we can sort the original set in O(n*log(n)) time, and then we just have to sum the first k elements, and see if the result is less than or equal to t.
The solutions for this exercise report that when Ullman presented this problem in class, students designed algorithms with running times in O(n*log(k)), O(nk), O(n^2) and O(n^k). Below, I list examples of such
algorithms.

O(n*log(k)): sort the array, but stop after the first k elements are in its final position. This is slightly better than sorting the whole array, and since we're only interested in the first k elements, it makes no difference.
This can easily be implemented with some changes in quicksort. Each recursive call to quicksort places an element in its final position, thus, we could use a counter and increment it every time quicksort places the pivot
in a final position with index lower than k. When our counter hits k, there are k elements in its final position, all of them placed in a position lower than k, so we have the k smallest elements and we didn't have to sort
everything.

O(nk): Iterate through the whole set k-times to find the i-th smallest number in iteration i. For example, in the first iteration, i = 1, so we go through all the set to find the smallest number. With i = 2, we are
looking for the 2nd smallest number in the whole set again. We keep doing that for k times, by the end of iteration k, we have determined the k smallest elements in O(nk) time.

O(n^2): The same as the previous algorithm, but instead of iterating k times, iterate n times. This method finds the n smallest elements in time O(n^2), but it does a lot of unnecessary work and it's not particularly interesting.

O(n^k): the brute force approach - test every possible combination of k-elements subsets until either we test them all, or we find one with a sum lower than or equal to t. 
Because we have a set of size n, there are n!/(k!*(n-k)!) different subsets of size k, or, if we count permutations inside the same subset, n!/(n-k)!. Both of these values are bounded by n^k, so the algorithm is O(n^k). 
This is a very inefficient solution.
